Freshly baked milk tea
Come and try it!
Bifson, didn't your store go out?
Why did it become a butcher's restaurant again?
I got it back.
Come and try the freshly baked milk tea
But what kind of broken milk tea are you?
It tastes different. Hmm.
That's impossible.
I just tasted it.
It's good, what can be done?
It doesn't taste right at all
Where did the boss go?
He, he, come and take a look, take a look?
Good news
What about Lin's Restaurant? It reopened.
The address is at the end of the street.
Welcome to taste this thirteen incense
Crayfish and milk tea?
Buy one get one free
bundle sale
Everybody, go check it out!
It was moved to the end of the street
I'm just craving a mouthful of thirteen spices with milk tea
Milk tea made from the attached restaurant
What kind of crap? Just walk around at the end of the street, he said.
Lin Yi, what are you trying to do?
Come to my restaurant and steal my business
I don't have it.
They volunteered
Your milk tea is so bad
Say
What law says you can't have guests?
Believe it or not, I will kill you.
Boss Bi, how can you deal with me instead of thinking about this?
Why don't you think about it first
My own business in Tongfu Restaurant
I believe it won't be long
Your restaurant is going bankrupt
Threatening me, I have been running a restaurant in Bifu City for more than ten years
Isn't it open in vain?
These ten miles and eight townships are my regular customers.
What are you?
You deserve to fight with me
I advise you to buy a good coffin
Do you understand?
This kid is too rampant
Don't blame me for beating him